This is a head-gum original.
I like you.
Copyright WESNN
If you have to do it regardless of how mad you are, something we're working on and
couples therapy that in order to break any tension, Jake has to, or Jeff has to call
in response, my cheese with a similar cheese.
Anyway, I just don't think that.
I have this really isn't working out communication.
My fear is that things are getting lost and translation.
It's getting made so far.
We're back.
On Wednesday, all right, no segments prepared.
I said, let's run it back with as many segments as probable.
And that's what I've done today.
So this is an episode I'm calling segment mania.
It's at wax free there.
Like we're not going to catch up because we already did that.
Absolutely not.
Let's get into the first segment.
Yeah.
What we should say, we have Ali Khan.
Killer Moriarty and a mere Blumenfeld.
Yet again.
Is this the first back-to-back?
No.
There's definitely been like a lot of weeks where it's you, me, Marica.
Graces.
Yeah, or some shit.
Yeah.
Any head gum historians?
Let us know.
This is the first full four for four.
Back-to-back.
Yeah.
Well, Ali, did you get a haircut?
No, but I did my hair today.
I just had to make an effort.
Thank you.
I haven't showered since Sunday.
Okay.
Y'all said you woke up 12 minutes ago.
I woke up 17 minutes ago.
Still.
All right.
Good morning.
I've been up and I showered.
But thanks for noticing.
That was good timing.
Welcome to Supermarket Chee!
Chee!
You guys know, Supermarket Sweep.
How's the bed Leslie Jones?
Very sure.
But like a bunch of stuff in your shopping cart or something.
Yeah, but there's also like many game shows, quizzes, and stuff.
So this is Supermarket Chee!
So the following.
It's really just questions about grocery items.
Multiple choice style.
Are we ready?
Why not?
I think it's a question one.
Which salad is the best seller at Safeway?
A.
Henn.
B.
Other.
Usually there's like a title screen.
You didn't do like the Photoshop stuff with like, yeah.
There's, we have so many segments.
I didn't have time to Photoshop it.
Wait, so the options are Henn and other.
I guess other other salad.
Yeah, other.
I don't know what a Henn's salad is.
That's correct.
Well, it's like chicken, but it's basically from females.
Yeah.
What is the official cheese of joy?
Camembert or other?
Other.
Well, I guess what you have.
Correct.
I can not bear that.
Nice.
That's really good.
I don't know if I want to totally make the judgment call, but I think it'd be like.
Good.
Because it's good.
Is string cheese a type of cheese or is it like just mozzarella that can't be strong?
I think mozzarella.
Would they still have a string cheese as a kid?
I haven't had it in probably 30 years.
I was going to say, do you guys sleep?
Is that okay?
We can wax a little bit, like, or string cheese.
I think it's string cheese at the office, actually.
Really?
Do you can break this cycle?
Do you indulge?
I'll need a string cheese, but I won't pull it apart when I think it's because it's not an animal.
Just jump into it.
Oh, interesting.
So you're going to argue jumping into it is more unrealistic.
I don't want to play with my food.
I want to eat it.
That's what I like about string cheese is that it is interactive.
Oh, wow.
There's a ritual.
Yeah.
I should have a string cheese.
It's been so long.
What about kick cats, Kayla?
Are you fighting into all four at the same time?
Are you giving a break?
Once again, I'm not an animal.
I would never do that.
But I also don't really eat a lot of candy.
You're eating a ton of sour candy.
I don't eat chocolate.
But if I gave you a kick cat, that's four bars.
If it'll make you happy, I'll put all four in just as a bit.
She likes that.
That's a bit.
I feel like that.
Okay.
You won't go.
With a $5.49 cent coupon, what could you get for free?
Briar's ice cream.
Garlicky pea tendrils.
Garlicky wafers.
Or cookies in lime pocky.
Really wafers.
That's not a thing.
Pocky?
I'll go with option A.
Alley is correct.
Briar's ice cream is 549.
What month is Garlick month?
A January.
A.
D.
Oli.
B.A.Prol.
C.June D. December.
They really tough one.
I was thinking June, but I don't know why.
Hot garlic.
103.
I got a garlic of 103.
I'm sorry.
Are we boring, you Jeff?
You are.
Just singing's not enough.
Okay, that was right.
It was April.
What's that?
That was my guess because that's when like a lot of bold flowers can be planted.
Garlick is a bold.
Oh, that was smart.
Garlick.
I'm hot garlic.
Well, April is national garlic month and you can celebrate it in two ways in the garden and the kitchen.
Thank you.
Um, doesn't really say why.
That's okay.
Okay.
Um.
What snack do you think lies in Manelli always stalks?
A.Balson T.Biscuits.
D.Dunkeru's.
C.Garlickie P.10.
Rules or D. Cookies and lime pockies.
It's the same answer, choice.
That's the last one.
A.
I think you're right.
This one's subjective, but I do think you're right.
That it's the Petee biscuits.
Um, with a $7.49 coupon, what can you get for free?
A.Bounty paper towels, B.Market Maven Beat Salad.
C. Wonder Bread or D. Vunderberg.
How many paper towels?
Uh, a single roll.
Let's go double roll.
$7 is a lot for two paper towels, so.
Is Garlick P.10.
Uh, no.
You're already over the game.
This is always second one.
My wife and D. Well salad.
Yeah.
What meat is usually most expensive?
Uh, or sorry, what deli meat is usually most expensive?
A. Chicken Roll.
B. liver worst.
C. ham.
Or D. corn beef.
Corn beef.
Correct.
Yeah.
I'm van, I'm van.
Please don't eat mine.
Uh, my zoom might die, so if you see me disappear for like laptop might die?
No, my recorder.
Oh.
Uh, what is the official ham of joy?
A. Honey baked or B. Other.
Honey baked.
Correct.
All right. That was, uh, um,
supermarket cheese.
All right.
Welcome to, this is the wrong song for it, but
Oh, that's terrible.
Welcome to Are We Sad.
Um, Queen Elizabeth is dead.
Um, and here's how we play the game.
I'm just going to second.
Which one?
Junior.
Yeah.
Queen Elizabeth.
We're going to go down the line here and just say yes or no.
Are you sad?
Ali, are you sad?
No.
Kayla, are you sad about the Queen day?
I'm here.
I'm not personally sad though.
I understand it is sad to lose a family member.
So I'm sure some people are sad.
Uh, I had nothing.
No personal relationship.
No professional.
I mean, we dated back in the day, but like other than that.
What?
Okay. So you turned 18 and what?
2000.
One. Yeah.
2001.
So you dated her in her 70s?
I didn't ask.
Friends set us up.
Just said, where did you go?
London.
This is my friend Liz.
My buddy Charles was like, would you ever be with an older woman?
So your friends with the current king?
No way.
Not the more.
The son was setting up his marry mother with you.
It sounds insane.
You heard these games before.
They're all kind of crazy.
The game is not.
No, that's not why this is crazy because you're saying that.
Yeah.
You have T like, what did you talk about?
Nothing in common.
Exactly.
We tried.
I guess she attended a football game in the 50s.
So I was like asking her about that, but she had no fucking clue.
What was going on?
Yeah.
She went to like a Marilyn football game in like 1957 or something.
Asked her who won.
Did you know who you were?
Right.
No, Jake and him hadn't even happened yet.
Yeah.
She had like read my weird like live journal in high school.
But that's it.
There's no way.
Why?
You don't think she was online?
I don't think she was on your live.
Yeah.
I mean like she was also 96.
Kind of a miracle.
She's still alive.
What do you guys think the age is where after you die,
it's like not that sad.
It's kind of like, well, yeah.
Is it 85?
Go.
I'll go 90.
I don't know how to answer that question.
110.
Wow.
Thank you.
Up.
Go.
All right.
That was.
Are we sad?
How did you find that off beat?
This just in a recent article from consumer reports titled,
Is Deodorant ever saved to wear down there?
Begs the titular question.
So let's put together a list of things to put near your grundle.
And then I'll comment it on the article.
Let's put together a list of things to put on your grundle.
And you'll comment it on the article.
Consumer reports.
Yeah.
They have comments under the article that you could leave.
And you're just going to leave a list of things that we come up with to put near your grundle.
Yeah.
Okay.
I mean, just to start things off, garlicy pee tendril.
Sure.
Could be some lime pocket.
Yeah.
Be Dallas.
It's not even April.
It's not garlic.
But it would be garlic.
Does it maybe some kind of fragrance?
Yeah.
Like an artificial one.
Like a.
Mezzon Ludi movie number four.
That long.
That's the.
The scent that I.
And Maddie Healey wear.
Nice.
I found that out years after I started using an alley.
It's still kind of fucking cool.
No, I think that was cool.
It's fun to be clone twins.
Yeah.
I mean, or what do you put in, you know.
You put it down there.
Nothing.
I don't really feel comfortable asking anyone else.
That's correct.
Yeah.
Wow.
You're finally sort of.
Becoming self alert.
Yeah.
Well, I think so, man.
Sorry.
No.
Nothing.
Garlic.
Yeah.
Nothing.
No peace.
No sauce.
Nothing.
I do wonder what would happen if you put vanilla extract.
Somewhere.
You know.
Do you want to smell like hot dessert?
Okay.
Yeah.
That sounds pretty good.
I don't know why this one.
Maybe that would do a halt.
End of less.
Maybe that's all in comment.
Okay.
Ask everyone how their coffee is and make it better.
Yeah.
I'm here.
How's your cock?
It's fine.
Moving on.
We did this.
This is a real question.
When was the last time you had sex?
Don't need to get in.
Last night.
This morning.
Two weeks ago.
I'm just trying to nail down your libido.
So I can help you.
With what?
Okay.
All right.
So what was the list?
The list was olive oil and sides.
The vanilla garlic spheres.
Oh, vanilla extract.
And garlic.
He's getting batteries.
Right.
Garlic pea tendrils.
Yeah.
I think that's it.
I think that's a good list.
I think that's complete.
Yeah.
It's sort of like a chart.
It's like a Harvard class of like things to put on your.
Ask like because there's diversity amongst the class.
You know, the best of everything.
All right.
I'm the best snack.
Just going to the best fragrance.
The best oil.
The best extract.
For the editor.
All right.
We have to take.
Well, no, I mean, like we can wax for like two seconds.
You know, if you want to have a little bit of waxing, but we do have to take a break very soon.
I just don't end it on this note of me sharing my screen commenting things to put.
In and around your sort of downtown area.
How many segments have we done and how many segments do we have?
Do we have to look forward to?
We've done three and we have three more.
Okay.
All right.
Would you say they're more fleshed out than the.
Coming up with things to comment on the consumer report.
Of course.
About what to put on your grundle or is that sort of level.
Going forward.
It's hard because when that was a set that was one of the six segments that you came up with.
Right.
Yeah.
Because the thing is if I, you know, two segments, I put the same amount of work I put into two segments into six.
So I've spread that effort across six so they're all half baked.
But this is not what you wanted.
Yeah.
Third baked.
Which is not baked, really.
Well, yeah, but sometimes you find it the dough.
All right.
But you can get really sick if you have the chicken.
Take it out after four minutes.
Let's take that break.
Yeah.
That's right.
Now a word from our sponsor better out.
Guys, it can be tough to train your brain to stay in problem solving mode when faced with a challenge in life.
But when you learn how to find your own solutions, there's no better feeling.
And a therapist can help you become a better problem solver, making it easier to accomplish your goals no matter how big or small.
I go to therapy every week.
It makes life much more easier to navigate much more easy.
You know, again, I say this every time we do this at read, but you know, if you have access to it financially.
I think everyone should be in therapy.
Just so you can show up for those around you, if not for yourself as the best version of yourself you can be.
I've seen it pay dividends, definitely in my relationships romantically.
If you're thinking of giving therapy a try, better help is a great option.
It's convenient, accessible, affordable, and entirely online, and you can get matched with a therapist after filling out a brief survey.
And you can switch therapists at any time.
So when you want to be a better problem solver, therapy can get you there.
Visit betterhelp.com slash what's that to get 10% off your first month.
That's better help.
H-E-L-P dot com slash what's that?
Thanks, better help.
Welcome to Future Zaddy.
So there are like zaddies in the world right now, like Jeff Goldblum.
I guess George Clooney still.
Conan, if you have freak.
So I thought it'd be fun to sort of postulate on who could be a future zaddy based on who's around now and young and hung.
Tom Holland, what do you think?
Who will be an attractive like 53-year-old?
60-year-old.
Yeah.
What's the second call?
Future zaddy.
Got it.
So you just basically were coming up with people who are in their 20s and hot.
No, yeah, well, sure.
But do you think they're going to age like a fine one?
I don't know if he will be or not.
I'm more loving up the name so we can discuss.
Do you guys think he'll be zaddy?
I'm not exactly convinced.
I don't know if he will be or not.
I'm more loving up the name so we can discuss.
I don't know if he's hot now.
I was always under the impression that to be a zaddy you had to be Jewish.
Interesting.
I've never heard that.
I've also never heard that.
That was maybe just my own assumption.
Go ahead, JD.
Why did you think that?
Well, because I thought it was like an off of zaddy, like a zaddy zaddy.
And that zaddy.
Yeah, and that daddies are not Jewish.
They're glam and that zaddies are Jewish daddies.
That's kind of, that's what I always thought.
So that's why I paused at the Tom Holland because I was like,
I don't think he's Jewish.
So you think a zaddy is a Yiddish grandfather's wife?
Hot man.
I think that a zaddy is a Jewish.
A Jewish version of daddy.
That was my impression.
Guys, I just looked up the definition of zaddy.
Wow.
Okay.
Wait, wow.
How could that be?
That that that's in the Oxford dictionary.
They used your team as you can see.
Oh.
Okay.
That was amazing.
I'm realizing that I'm wrong and that was an assumption that I've made
that it was unchecked until this moment.
That's good.
But that's what we're doing here.
We're sort of learning, growing, changing, evolving.
Yeah.
It is like, why does he at all?
What is that?
Where did that come from?
A little pizzazz to their daddy.
Yeah.
You assume it's like this portment toe where they grab something else.
What was that?
Daddy, chill.
Sorry.
I'm still soaring from being the dictionary definition of zaddy.
Well, I don't think we can move forward, I think.
It would just be taking something away from you.
It wasn't the definition.
Right.
It was the exam.
You're so pleased with yourself.
It is clear that it spelled the way your name.
Yeah, you never see that.
I think that's why I'm forward.
But Tom Holland.
Do we think he'd be his daddy?
Sure.
I don't know.
I think he is.
Yeah.
Gating Madarazo.
They kid from Stranger Things.
Which one is that?
He's like the stockier.
The kid.
We're not going to discuss whether it kid.
It's 19.
Here's my thing.
I don't know if it's Asia or Asa.
For this purpose of this segment.
Asa Butterfield.
A hundred percent.
Yeah.
He's already like unbelievably attractive.
I think it's weird because he's his main thing is sex education.
And so like he doesn't.
He's not sexualized in that because he's a kid in the pit show.
He's in a fully adult man.
But he is like at great eyes.
I'm sorry to say.
Never apologize.
Yeah.
That's okay to say.
Where was the photo of him that I saw.
That was like, oh yeah.
That's of course.
Would you say?
We didn't speak.
Can you show this photo, please?
I can't find it.
I don't know.
Oh, here it is.
Okay, here we go.
Right?
Oh, yeah.
His eyes are wild.
Yeah.
He looks like they Martin has a blonde.
He does look like me Martin.
That's the same dude.
Um.
We'll polter.
New segment or this is still part of the same.
I don't know who that is.
Do you mind if I answer some slacks?
Yeah.
You do.
Yeah, you mind.
No, you can.
Will polter's the guy from where the millers.
Mid some some arm.
Mid summer.
How do you say it?
Whatever.
Yeah.
So we died.
I heard he had a glow up.
He did.
That's the guy.
Yeah.
That's crazy.
Just friends.
Okay.
Then if he had a glow up from 18 to whatever.
26, I think it's going to continue.
I think he's going to be a Zaddy.
The trajectory.
Yeah.
Although there's highs and lows, you know.
You don't want to you don't want to peek too early.
That's true.
That was a lot.
I mean, I'd say you did a Zaddy art.
I think in 10 years, you might be there.
Yeah.
I mean, my hair is getting grayer, which is one of the requirements almost.
The very least, half and half.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Had gum live show.
Jeff's hosting a comedy show for us on the.
Sorry.
27.
Um.
Skylar, just on, though.
Who is that?
You know his face.
Yes.
Yeah.
I think he's attractive now in like a weird way.
Skylar, just on, though.
He's the guy who's in like, agreed.
Oh, sure.
He's in the right to stem stones.
He really is in everything.
But he's like.
Cut up.
That's pretty shredded.
Yeah, that's nice.
He's good for him.
He's, he's such a funny face.
Um.
This?
Yeah.
Let's move on.
Let's.
Welcome to Current Zombie.
Um.
Okay.
That was.
You're a zombie.
Yes.
So we're nothing.
Zombie.
Search zombie on Google.
Because I think you coined that.
Are you in the exam for that, too?
Uh, it's not an addictionary.
But it is on Urban Dictionary.
It's on me.
This is the definition.
A tall, tan, hot woman who makes salary to cash and has her crap together.
Salary cash?
She can't have passive income and has to be from an active job.
Oh, we should have added salary to the final run-to-thing.
Because then it could have been salary to cash or salary to cash.
That was easy.
Julia Roberts.
No.
There's only one.
It's not a discussion.
It's not up for discussion.
Why do they have to be tall and tan?
SE Cup.
So this is your tweet that you sort of bump.
This is my thought that I bump everyone's in a while.
What was we supposed to do?
She's a CNN anchor.
Every like three months.
Jeff tweets is SE.
Do you tag her by the way?
Are you just right?
Is SE.
It's not a tiger.
Is SE Cup Zami?
Okay.
And how does the tweet do?
Not well.
Most people don't know who that is.
Or what Zami is.
I guess because most people...
Yeah.
No.
That is the equivalent of Jeff Goldblown.
In some way.
Sure?
Yeah.
That segment was supposed to take five minutes.
How?
Oh, you didn't mean to.
We were starting to discuss and you cut us off.
And you said, no, there's only one answer.
SE Cup.
Nobody knew who that was.
You showed the picture.
90 seconds later we're out.
We're done.
That was supposed to take five minutes.
I thought you would have thoughts.
I thought maybe we were talking about SE Cup.
We're talking about the conversation.
I'm not gonna lie.
Really.
No.
This is somehow worse than the laxing episode.
It's weird how that happened.
So actually episode was good.
Yeah.
Thanks.
I'm into discussing SE Cup.
If you want to discuss SE Cup,
I just want you to be honest with what you want.
Because if you...
You know, you slid that in there.
Like a sneak subject.
subject. Yeah. Let's talk about the C-Cope. Okay. What's the name for show? It's like
the power hour or something. You don't really know. I don't want to see it then. It should
be like the T with Cope or something like that. Yeah. Getting a C-Cope. I didn't know she was a
Ripple with Cope. Then not a zombie. What about the SE? What does that stand for? Salt eggs. I heard
she wrote the outsiders. Oh god. This is two reasons why she can't be zombie to me at least.
She has the same first in middle name as my sister. Wow. Sarah Elizabeth. Yeah. It's called
SE Cope Unfiltered. It's pretty good. Is that a lackluster video, shirt? Where did you get that? How did you
have that? Billy sent it to me. They made merch for us at just short window of time. It's a good
shirt though. Yeah. It says that she went to NYU in Cornell. I don't understand why she's a Republican.
Because she wants to NYU you can't understand why she's a Republican. And Cornell.
I just meant like she's educated. Yeah. I guess a lot of Republicans are edited. She identifies as
a log cabin Republican. Party of Lincoln. Yeah. Yeah. But she wrote it for Biden.
It's nice. Well, Lincoln's Republican party is more similar to the Democratic party of today. That's true.
Cope gets that. She has to understand if she's truly a zombie. She's educated. Remember.
Cornell and Ivy. What about the zombies instead of the zombies for a band name?
Could be like a modern take on the classic. Maybe. Jeff, do you like the zombies? Nope.
This could not be our year. That's a zombie sort of. I love that song. I do love that song.
The bell is a song. Sorry. I was just going to ask about zombie by the cranberries. Oh, that's good.
In your head, zombie, zombie, zombie. I saw it. Corn be corn be corn be corn be. I'm begging of you.
Please don't make a hash.
Last segment. Headgums got talent. What do you guys got?
Don't lean back. Now we don't want to show it to you. What does it mean?
What talent do you guys want to share today? This one's the one that I can do, ready?
Whoa. All right. That's some witchcraft.
Mori, are you ready? I mean, I can tap dance. Wow. Will wait? No. I'll have my shoes here.
And also no. Where are they? Rhode Island. All right. You guys want to hop back on at like
three, four hours. Eastern. Yeah. Well, Friday traffic. So it'll be longer. Okay.
So yeah, we could do 8 p.m. Eastern and then just insert of Kayla tapped into. Sure. Do some
shuffleable changes for you. All time steps. I can do a split. Also not showing you that. That's
like straight back or like full sideways. Both pieces still. And a cartwheel and a handstand and a
back bend. Wow. Do you like stretch a lot? Like how do you stay alive? I would never if I could get
to a place where I could do this split. I wouldn't be able to sustain it. Well, I grew up dancing competitively.
And then in my adult years, I take a lot of yoga and I'm taking a, I mentioned this on the last
podcast. We're taking a contortion 101 class online. That's true. Stay flexible. Jesus. Staying live.
Staying live. Staying live. Live. Live. I don't know if I have, I don't have the talent show
talent and it's something that I think about almost every day. You can do cross stitching. I mentioned
that. Oh, yeah. I was going to say. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, yeah. That's true. I got into like Victorian
era hobbies over the pandemic. Yeah. I can cross stitch. I'm like, good. Like I can like read by
Campbell. I. How do you know, let me see your room, panting out of the room. The same thing.
couch. That's good. Oh, I would love that. I would love a little chase lounge. No, I actually just
finished one the other day, but it's far away. So I don't, I feel like it's no, I don't think it's like
worth the journey to show you, but yeah, I can. It's shorter than what Kaylee would have to do.
Sure. Yeah. Okay. I'll show you. Oh, my wall. I know. I just, now I'm just becoming towards
my apartment. Jeff, do you have a towel? Oh, that's great. That's so good. It's really fun to do
while you watch TV. That's very much a talent. Oh, hold on. Just trying to make a noise or something.
I'm very dehydrated right now, so it's not going to work really. It's pretty good.
Oh, that's cool. Very Allen Rockovio. Very Allen Rock. What else can I do?
In third grade for a talent show, I memorized the presidents in order. So it's just like an eight-year-old
me being like George Washington, John Adams, and I know about 80% of them still. So I don't know if
you guys want to toss out a number between 145. I can hit you with a president. 187. So one is Washington.
That's an easy one. 18. I know as Ulysses S Grant, Jeff, you can verify. 37 is tough. Kennedy,
Nick's. Who is 17? Because he was 17. Yeah, I want to say Gerald Ford was 37.
What was the first one? 18? Yeah, that's Grant for sure. That's Grant. 37.
Gerald Ford. Nixon. Nixon was 37. Wow.
24. 24 was the same as 22, which is Grover Cleveland. This is very aggressive. That's cool.
Thanks. Yeah. The trick was to memorize five a day for about a week and a half. And then
plug, have it. What do you guys have going on with 30 years ago? So that's been kind of
locked in there. Obviously not perfect. What was Nixon being wrong with.
That's how I memorized Jabber Walkie, my Lewis Carroll. See? Still in here.
The head comes show. We're doing a comedy show, Katie's of sorts.
Getting a phone call from mentor Ohio. Jeff, have you ever heard of that? Who is that? Oh, yes.
mentor Ohio. Yeah, headgum.com slash live live show in LA at our office. Holy shit.
So come on by say hi and stay live. All right. Yeah, had come show. Very excited about it.
September 22nd. Get tickets. They're selling now and follow me on social media at Ali Khan.
Dean, okay, Kayla, more already. Um, I would like everyone to follow Gumballus and
long Twitter. Please and then follow me, Kayla, a lot more already. Thank you, um, you're on Instagram
and Twitter. And I just found out about this yesterday, but if you are a student at the University
Rhode Island or South Virginia, I'm doing a guest lecture on marketing there at the end of this month.
So that's so cool. Go Rams. Go Rams.
At Jeff, I already on Twitter.
We'll see you guys again next week. This whole thing has been tossed for.
That was a headgum original.